Spot My UV levels up your sun
protection with a simple spot check.
Spot My UV tells you if
your sun screen is working
and when it's time to reapply.
Let's see how easy
it is to stay safe in the sun.
Each spot has a
tab so you can easily
apply without touching.
Ensuring all day adhesion.
Simply hold the tab,
and peel the spot from
the backing paper.
Apply to a sun exposed
area on your body.
A good place is your upper arm.
Pull the application
tab and discard it,
and press the spot firmly to
your skin,
and apply your favourite sun screen
over the spot,
and liberally all over your entire body.
Make sure to follow
the directions on your
favourite sun screen.
Most people don't use enough.
As you apply the
spot will turn clear
indicating that your sun screen is working,
and helping to protect you from UV rays.
Have fun in the sun.
The spot will gradually begin
to turn people again indicating
that it's time to reapply.
Many factors affect
how often you'll
need to reapply including
the sun's strength,
and your activities.
One spot will last all day
through sports, swimming,
and perspiration.
Spot My UV makes it fun to
spot exactly when your sun
screen wears off,
and when it's time to reapply.
A few points: if the
dot isn't turning clear
your sun screen may not
be a high enough SPF.
Or it might have expired.
Or you may not have applied enough.
It's sun safety made perfectly clear.
Join us at @spotmyuv, #GetSpotted.